## Progress!

### Some updates
Since last blog post, I tried to write another outlining some challenges I had been facing. However, I did not commit the changes before accidentally closing my tab. This is a lesson that I only need to learn once and will not be happening again. 

I have since got my Question 2 working! And am working on Question 3 as well as some final touches of Q2. 

### Question 2
The implemenation of Q2 was not super difficult. It relied quite heavily on the "is-it-a-bird" example, but rather than classifying images into one of two categories, they were classified into one of ten, requiring more images to be downloaded. The largest caveat with this was the inconsistency of the DuckDuckGo function. For example, I completed a large amount of the question within the first week, but when I returned to my code, no images would download. Luckily, the following day my code ran again (with no changes), but incase this happens again, Brain also provided us with a solution. 

Q2 also required the use of confusion matricies and T-SNE plot for analysis purposes. 


Q2 is now working! 
I greatly stuggled with the bug in duckduckgo_search that would not let me download images - but the next day I attempted to run my code again and it worked fine. Luckily, Brian also solved this problem so - if it happens again, I can resolve it then and there. 
Last week, I was also struggling with the difference bewteen validation and test sets. But thanks to some googling, and some helpful diagrams, I understand their importance and why they are used. 
This confusion also mislead me to think we may not need test sets, but now that I know we do, I have implemented them and the results are quite good. 

I have just started Q3, using my solution from Q2 as a starting spot. The given data has a lot of images (50000!), so running this initially went a little long, until I had a read of some other solutions on Kaggle who had the bright idea to not use them all. So, I have been only using the first 500 do get an idea of how my Q2 implimentation will work for Q3 and atm its not too bad - 83.5%* accurate! This was a massive improvment from why I used 100 images to now using 400. 

Trying to run this now with resnest50 rather than 18 as it is meant to be good for getting high accuracy - it ran for 42mins and then the kernal crashed :(. 
Update - it took 92 mins but had an accuracy of 96.875. 

