# YAY first blog post!

## First lesson learnt: name it with ".md". 
If you can't tell, I'm not super sure how the blog works yet - I originally didn't even give this file a file extension (yikes). I am hoping to get some blog posts going and become familiar with how the blog works with a little bit of time.  That probably also means that I won't make it pretty until a couple of posts later. 

(*) Look at that I just worked out how to make the text wrap woohoo!

(**) I don't like how I have no spell check at the moment - potentially something to fix

## Getting on with fastai 
I am pretty comfortable with the fastai stuff at the moment. I have gone through a couple of examples last week and have also watched one of the lectures on it and have an okay grasp on it.(*) 

I have begun working on the second question which is quite straight forward implimentation wise. It is very similar to the first fastai example and have so far had few problems. 

## Git
Setting up the repos wasn't super difficult and the only challenge I have had so far is with the codespaces. Initially I didn't want to use them because why could I just not run the code on my laptop but have decided to give them a go tonight after some timeout errors. Setting up my code space, I realised that I potentially didn't commit some code I thought I did last week and had to commit it again which was strange. Not sure what happened there but also this could be something funny to do with the codespaces. 

## Conclusions

Thats all for right now, bye!
